To implement the TopModule, we will create a gshare branch predictor with a 7-bit PC and 7-bit global history. The predictor will use a 128-entry table of two-bit saturating counters, which will be updated based on the training inputs. The module will have two interfaces: one for prediction and one for training. The prediction interface will produce the predicted branch direction and the state of the branch history register used to make the prediction. The training interface will update the pattern history table (PHT) to train the branch predictor to predict the branch more accurately next time.

We will use a 7-bit global branch history register to keep track of the branch history. When a branch prediction is requested, the branch predictor will produce the predicted branch direction and the state of the branch history register used to make the prediction. The branch history register will then be updated at the next positive clock edge for the predicted branch.

When training for a branch is requested, the branch predictor will be told the PC and branch history register value for the branch that is being trained, as well as the actual branch outcome and whether the branch was a misprediction. The PHT will be updated to train the branch predictor to predict the branch more accurately next time. If the branch being trained is mispredicted, the branch history register will be recovered to the state immediately after the mispredicting branch completes execution.

To handle the case where training and prediction of the same PHT entry happen at the same time, we will ensure that the prediction sees the PHT state before training. This means that the training request will only modify the PHT at the next positive clock edge, while the prediction request will output the PHT state at the current cycle.

We will also ensure that if training for a misprediction and a prediction (for a different, younger instruction) occurs in the same cycle, training takes precedence. This means that the branch history register will be updated based on the training request, rather than the prediction request.

Finally, we will implement an asynchronous active-high reset to reset the module.