To address the problem, we can implement a finite state machine (FSM) that tracks the water level and determines the output signals based on the current state and sensor inputs. The FSM can have four states: LOW, LOW_MIDDLE, MIDDLE_HIGH, and HIGH. The LOW state corresponds to the water level being below the lowest sensor, the LOW_MIDDLE state corresponds to the water level being between the lowest and middle sensors, the MIDDLE_HIGH state corresponds to the water level being between the middle and highest sensors, and the HIGH state corresponds to the water level being above the highest sensor.

The FSM can transition between states based on the sensor inputs. For example, if the water level is currently below the lowest sensor (LOW state) and the lowest sensor becomes asserted, the FSM can transition to the LOW_MIDDLE state. If the water level is currently between the lowest and middle sensors (LOW_MIDDLE state) and the middle sensor becomes asserted, the FSM can transition to the MIDDLE_HIGH state.

The output signals can be determined based on the current state of the FSM. For example, if the FSM is in the LOW state, all output signals (fr2, fr1, fr0) can be asserted high. If the FSM is in the LOW_MIDDLE state, fr2 can be deasserted, and fr1 and fr0 can be asserted high. If the FSM is in the MIDDLE_HIGH state, fr2 and fr1 can be deasserted, and fr0 can be asserted high. If the FSM is in the HIGH state, all output signals can be deasserted low.

To determine the supplemental flow rate signal (dfr), we can add a separate logic block that compares the current state of the FSM with the previous state. If the current state is higher than the previous state, the dfr signal can be asserted high. This ensures that the supplemental flow valve is opened when the water level is rising.

To optimize the code for better performance and area, we can use a more efficient encoding scheme for the FSM states and minimize the number of logic gates required for the output signal determination.