To implement a Moore state machine for a serial 2's complementer, we can consider two states: an 'idle' state where the machine is ready to start processing the input bits and an 'operating' state where it is processing the bits. The machine transitions to the 'operating' state as soon as the reset is released and remains there until reset is asserted again. The output will be determined based on the state of the machine and the input bits it has received. We need a register to store the accumulated input value and another to store the output value. When reset is released, the machine will start accepting input bits and will output the 2's complement of the input number. 
For a serial 2's complementer, we can calculate the output by inverting all the bits after the first '1' (from right to left) and then adding 1. 
However, in this case, we will need to calculate the 2's complement on the fly as the input bits come in. To do this, we can start by assuming the input is a positive number, then after receiving a '1', we can start inverting the subsequent bits to get the 1's complement. After the last bit is received (detected by asserting the reset), we need to add 1 to the 1's complement to get the 2's complement. 
But for an arbitrary-length input, detecting the last bit is challenging because we do not know in advance how many bits will be input. 
One way to handle this is to consider each bit as the last bit and calculate the output assuming it is the last bit, but this would require keeping track of all previous bits to correctly invert them and add 1, which can be complex for arbitrary-length inputs. 
Instead, we will implement a simpler solution based on the properties of 2's complement: for any binary number, its 2's complement can be obtained by flipping all the bits to the left of the rightmost '1' (including the rightmost '1'), and all the bits to the right of it remain unchanged. Since our circuit starts from the least significant bit, once we see a '1', all subsequent bits will be inverted. Then, to obtain the 2's complement, we need to add 1, but since we're doing this serially and bit by bit, we need to handle the carry. The machine should invert bits after the first '1' and then add 1 by handling the carry.