To design a 4-bit unsigned number pipeline multiplier, we can utilize a novel architectural approach that involves a combination of shift-and-add operations and pipelining. The idea is to break down the multiplication process into smaller, more manageable tasks that can be executed in a pipeline fashion.

The proposed architecture consists of two main stages: a partial product generation stage and an accumulation stage. The partial product generation stage is responsible for generating the partial products of the multiplicand and each bit of the multiplier. This stage is implemented using a shift-and-add approach, where the multiplicand is shifted and added to the accumulated sum based on the value of the current bit of the multiplier.

The accumulation stage is responsible for accumulating the partial products to produce the final product. This stage is implemented using a pipelined adder, where each stage of the pipeline adds a partial product to the accumulated sum.

The pipeline multiplier will have two levels of registers to store intermediate values and control the multiplication process. The first level of registers will store the partial products, and the second level of registers will store the accumulated sum.

The multiplication process will be controlled by a state machine that will generate the control signals for the partial product generation stage and the accumulation stage. The state machine will ensure that the multiplication process is executed in a pipelined manner, with each stage of the pipeline operating on a different set of data.

In this architecture, we will use a 2-stage pipeline, where the first stage generates the partial products and the second stage accumulates the partial products to produce the final product. The pipeline will have two registers to store the intermediate values: one register to store the partial products and another register to store the accumulated sum.

To implement this architecture, we will use a combination of Verilog's always blocks and continuous assignments to describe the behavior of the pipeline multiplier. We will also use Verilog's parameters to make the design modular and reusable.