To fix the provided Verilog code for the 8-bit Radix-4 Booth multiplier, we need to address the logical errors in the implementation of the Booth algorithm. The Booth algorithm is a multiplication algorithm that uses the bits of one operand (the multiplier) to determine whether to add or subtract the other operand (the multiplicand) to a running product. 

In the corrected implementation, we will use a 5-bit counter (ctr) to keep track of the current bit being processed in the multiplier. We will also use a 16-bit register (multiplicand) to store the shifted multiplicand and a 16-bit register (product) to store the accumulated product.

The Booth algorithm involves the following steps:
1. Initialize the multiplicand and product registers.
2. For each bit in the multiplier (from most significant to least significant):
   a. If the current bit is 1 and the next bit is 1, add 2 times the multiplicand to the product and shift the multiplicand left by 1 bit.
   b. If the current bit is 1 and the next bit is 0, add the multiplicand to the product and shift the multiplicand left by 1 bit.
   c. If the current bit is 0 and the next bit is 1, subtract the multiplicand from the product and shift the multiplicand left by 1 bit.
   d. If the current bit is 0 and the next bit is 0, do nothing and shift the multiplicand left by 1 bit.
3. After all bits have been processed, the final product is stored in the product register.

In the corrected code, we will use a single always block to implement the Booth algorithm. The always block will be triggered by the positive edge of the clock signal (clk) or the positive edge of the reset signal (reset). If the reset signal is high, the multiplicand and product registers will be initialized. If the reset signal is low, the Booth algorithm will be executed.

The counter (ctr) will be incremented at each clock cycle, and the multiplicand will be shifted left by 1 bit at each clock cycle. The product will be updated based on the current bits of the multiplier. Once all bits have been processed (i.e., the counter reaches 16), the ready signal (rdy) will be set to 1, indicating the completion of the multiplication process.