To address the problem, we will design a novel synchronizer architecture that leverages a combination of clock domain crossing (CDC) techniques and data synchronization mechanisms. The new approach will utilize a handshake-based protocol to ensure that data is transferred between the two clock domains only when the enable signal is active for at least 3 clock cycles of clk_b.

The proposed architecture consists of two main components: a data register and an enable signal synchronizer. The data register will capture the input data signal (data_in) on the positive edge of clock signal A (clk_a) when the enable signal (data_en) is high. The enable signal synchronizer will delay the enable signal by two clock cycles of clk_b to ensure that the data is synchronized with the destination clock domain.

To implement the enable signal synchronizer, we will use a 2-stage shift register, where each stage is clocked by clk_b. The output of the second stage will be used as the enable signal for the data register.

The data register will be clocked by clk_b, and it will capture the data from the input data signal (data_in) when the enable signal is high. To ensure that the data is synchronized with the destination clock domain, we will use a clock domain crossing (CDC) cell to transfer the data from the source clock domain (clk_a) to the destination clock domain (clk_b).

The CDC cell will consist of a pair of flip-flops, one clocked by clk_a and the other clocked by clk_b. The flip-flop clocked by clk_a will capture the data from the input data signal (data_in), and the flip-flop clocked by clk_b will capture the data from the first flip-flop.

To ensure that the data is transferred correctly between the two clock domains, we will use a handshake-based protocol. The protocol will consist of a request signal (req) and an acknowledge signal (ack). The request signal will be generated by the data register when it has valid data to transfer, and the acknowledge signal will be generated by the CDC cell when it has received the data.

The proposed architecture will provide a robust and reliable way to transfer data between two clock domains while ensuring that the data is synchronized with the destination clock domain.