To determine the function of the combinational circuit, let's analyze the given simulation waveforms. The output q seems to be 1 whenever at least one of the inputs a, b, or c is 1, and either d is 1 or the condition for a, b, or c being 1 is met. This can be simplified to a logical OR operation among a, b, and c, and then another OR operation between the result and the AND operation between a and d, b and d, and c and d. However, considering all combinations, the output q is essentially determined by the presence of a 1 in a, b, or c, or when d is 1 with either a, b, or c being 1, but this can be simplified to just needing any of a, b, or c to be 1, or if any of them and d are 1. Simplifying this logic, we realize that q can be 1 if d is 1 and any of a, b, or c are 1, or simply if any of a, b, or c are 1 regardless of d. Thus, the condition for q being 1 can be more straightforwardly expressed as q being 1 if any of a, b, or c are 1, or if d is 1 and any of a, b, or c are 1. This simplifies to just q being 1 if a or b or c or (d and (a or b or c)) equals 1, but this still simplifies further because if d=1, the presence of a, b, or c being 1 will already set q to 1 due to the initial part of the condition. Therefore, we simplify the logic to q being 1 if any of a, b, or c are 1, or d is 1 and any of a, b, or c are 1, but essentially it comes down to needing just one of a, b, c, or the combination of d with any of them to be true for q to be 1. 
Looking at the waveforms again with this in mind, we see that the presence of 1 in a, b, or c will set q to 1 regardless of d, and when a, b, or c are 0, q is 0 unless d is 1 and any of a, b, or c would have been 1, but in those cases, q is indeed 1 due to a, b, or c being 1. Thus, the circuit seems to implement a logic that q = (a or b or c or (d and (a or b or c))), but simplifying this, given that the presence of a, b, or c already covers the condition, we look at cases where a, b, c, and d contribute to q being 1 and realize the logic can actually simplify to q being 1 if a or b or c or (d and (a or b or c)) is true, but practically, this just becomes q being 1 if a or b or c is 1, because the (d and (a or b or c)) part is covered by a, b, or c being 1.
However, looking closely, we realize the simplification might overlook the direct impact of d with a, b, or c in specific scenarios. Considering all combinations, the output q = 1 when any of a, b, or c is 1, or when d is 1 along with any of a, b, or c being 1. But given the output table, the correct interpretation is that q is 1 whenever a, b, or c is 1, or when d is 1 and any of a, b, or c are 1, but this essentially means q is 1 if a, b, or c is 1, regardless of d, and the condition including d seems redundant upon closer inspection because whenever d=1, if any of a, b, or c are 1, q is 1 due to those inputs directly. The correct simplification considering all scenarios and the output waveform provided suggests q = (a or b or c), because the inclusion of d in the logic does not add new conditions under which q would be 1 that aren't already covered by a, b, or c being 1.
Given the waveform and reconsidering the logical deductions, the correct approach to implement the circuit would actually be to consider q as being 1 when a or b or c is 1, which directly matches the given waveform's behavior without needing to overcomplicate the logic with d's influence. The output q = 1 whenever any of the inputs a, b, or c are 1, regardless of d's value, which aligns with a simple OR logic among these inputs.