The TopModule can be implemented as a Moore state machine with the following states:
1. Reset State: This is the initial state of the machine where the machine waits for the reset signal to be deasserted.
2. Idle State: After reset is deasserted, the machine enters the idle state where it waits for input bits.
3. Sign bit state: In this state, the machine checks the sign bit of the input number and accordingly sets the output to its 2's complement.
4. Output State: The machine enters this state after the sign bit and outputs the 2's complement of the input bits one by one.
However, a more straightforward approach is to treat the problem as a sequential bit-level operation where each input bit is processed one at a time. 
To implement the 2's complement, the machine should negate all bits after the first '1' (sign bit) encountered from the least significant bit, and then add '1' to the result.
This can be done by maintaining a carry bit that is set to '1' when the first '1' is encountered and then all bits are inverted and added with this carry bit.
This operation can be performed by a simple FSM with two states: idle state and compute state.
In the idle state, the machine waits for the input bits. When the first '1' is encountered, the machine enters the compute state.
In the compute state, the machine inverts each input bit and adds '1' to it, thus effectively calculating the 2's complement.
The machine will exit the compute state when the reset signal is asserted again.
This problem doesn't fit perfectly into traditional state machine problems but rather into a sequential logic problem.
To make things simpler, we can just maintain a variable 'started' that indicates if we have seen the first '1', 
and another variable 'carry' that indicates if we should invert the current input bit or not. 
Initially, both 'started' and 'carry' are '0'.
Whenever a '1' is encountered, 'started' is set to '1' and 'carry' is set to '1' in the next clock cycle.
The output 'z' is the input 'x' inverted if 'started' is '1', otherwise, it's the same as 'x'.
However, the above thought process is partially wrong as it doesn't correctly calculate 2's complement in a bit-serial manner.
Correctly, we should invert all bits after the first '1' (if any) and then add '1'.
To achieve this, we need to keep track of the carry and output the inverted input bits (if any '1' has been seen) and the carry.
We need two variables, 'started' and 'carry'. 'started' is set to '1' when the first '1' is seen.
When 'started' is '1', the input 'x' is inverted and 'carry' is set to '1' in the next clock cycle if 'x' is '0' and 'carry' is '1'.
If 'x' is '1', then 'carry' remains '1'. The output 'z' is 'x' inverted if 'started' is '1' and 'carry' is '1', otherwise, it's the same as 'x' inverted.
However, the above description is again not accurate.
We need to implement the bit-serial 2's complement correctly. 
For this, we should maintain a 'carry' and a 'started' flag.
When the first '1' is encountered, we set 'started' to '1'. 
From the next bit onwards, we invert the input bits and add '1' (i.e., we perform 'x + carry' where 'carry' is initially '1' after the first '1' is encountered).
We also update the 'carry' for the next bit based on the result of the current bit operation.
The final output 'z' is the result of the current bit operation.